Update disabling-http-keep-alive.md for server-side only (#43374)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next.config.js/disabling-http-keep-alive.md

# Disabling HTTP Keep-Alive

> Next.js automatically polyfills `fetch()` in the Node.js environment with [node-fetch](/docs/basic-features/supported-browsers-features#polyfills) and enables [HTTP Keep-Alive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Keep-Alive) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Node.js versions prior to 18, Next.js automatically polyfills `fetch()` with [node-fetch](/docs/basic-features/supported-browsers-features#polyfills) and enables [HTTP Keep-Alive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Keep-Alive) by default.
```

To disable HTTP Keep-Alive for all `fetch()` calls on the server-side, open `next.config.js` and add the `httpAgentOptions` config:

```js

> module.exports = {

Reviewer: I believe this uses the same Agent behavior so it probably wont work either on Node.js 18

cc @Ethan-Arrowood who implemented undici and might know more

Author: Based on our testing, unfortunately these agent options aren't compatible with undici and there's no equivalent alternative.

We had to intentionally disable Node 18's undici with `--no-experimental-fetch`

Reviewer 2: undici's fetch accepts [dispatcher](https://github.com/nodejs/undici#undicifetchinput-init-promise) which fulfills a similar role as `agent` though it requires undici specific Pool/Agent/etc instead of node's http agent.
